Update some copy in the template archetype (#2015)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/archetypes/templates/template/index.md

# The content below is meant help you get started and to serve as a guide to work by. Feel free to adjust it needed for your template.
---

> The $CLOUD $ARCHITECTURE template creates an infrastructure as code project that deploys a $THING to $CLOUD with Pulumi. It uses this resource, this other resource, and probably some other awesome resource to accomplish some particular desirable outcome. The template generates a complete Pulumi program, including $INCLUDED_STUFF, to give you a working project out of the box that you can customize easily and extend to suit your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The $CLOUD $ARCHITECTURE template creates an infrastructure as code project in your favorite language that deploys a $THING to $CLOUD. It uses this resource, this other resource, and probably some other awesome resource to accomplish some particular desirable outcome. The template generates a complete Pulumi program, including $INCLUDED_STUFF, to give you a working project out of the box that you can customize easily and extend to suit your needs.
```
